#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   bamboolib
    #   jsonschema
    #   visions
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bamboolib==1.30.19
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   panel
bokeh==2.4.3
    # via panel
build==0.9.0
    # via pip-tools
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   dask
    #   pip-tools
cloudpickle==2.2.0
    # via dask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
colorcet==3.0.1
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==38.0.4
    # via bamboolib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dask==2022.12.0
    # via datashader
datashader==0.14.3
    # via -r requirements.in
datashape==0.5.2
    # via datashader
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
fsspec==2022.11.0
    # via dask
googlemaps==4.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
haversine==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
holoviews==1.15.3
    # via -r requirements.in
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via visions
ipykernel==6.19.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipyslickgrid==0.0.3
    # via bamboolib
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.7.2
    # via
    #   bamboolib
    #   ipyslickgrid
    #   jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via
    #   bamboolib
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pandas-profiling
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.4.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.0.1
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.39.1
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
markdown==3.4.1
    # via panel
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
multimethod==1.9
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
multipledispatch==0.6.0
    # via datashape
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==2.8.8
    # via visions
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipyslickgrid
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.56.4
    # via datashader
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   contourpy
    #   datashader
    #   datashape
    #   holoviews
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   pyarrow
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   xarray
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   bamboolib
    #   bokeh
    #   build
    #   dask
    #   holoviews
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
    #   xarray
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bamboolib
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   ipyslickgrid
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   ppscore
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   xarray
pandas-profiling==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
panel==0.14.1
    # via holoviews
param==1.12.3
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
    #   pyct
    #   pyviz-comms
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.3.0
    # via dask
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pep517==0.13.0
    # via build
phik==0.12.3
    # via pandas-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   datashader
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
pip-chill==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==6.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.6.0
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bamboolib
ppscore==1.3.0
    # via bamboolib
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   bamboolib
    #   ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==10.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyct==0.4.8
    # via
    #   colorcet
    #   datashader
    #   panel
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via pandas-profiling
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   bamboolib
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   datashape
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.6
    # via pandas
pyviz-comms==2.2.1
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via imagehash
pywin32==305
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pandas-profiling
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   googlemaps
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   panel
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jsonschema
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jsonschema
scikit-learn==1.2.0
    # via
    #   bamboolib
    #   ppscore
scipy==1.9.3
    # via
    #   datashader
    #   imagehash
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.12.1
    # via pandas-profiling
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   multipledispatch
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via
    #   bamboolib
    #   pandas-profiling
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via visions
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via bamboolib
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pep517
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datashader
    #   partd
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   panel
traitlets==5.7.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via pandas-profiling
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   panel
    #   pydantic
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via requests
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.5
    # via pandas-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.38.4
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
    # via ipywidgets
xarray==2022.12.0
    # via datashader
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via bamboolib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
